hi I'm Ben I'm studying level 1 beauty
at Bowdoin College and I'm going to show
you what exactly we do materials level 1
you tick
here Heather is doing a manicure and
during the manicure we file the nails to
a shape that the client requires this is
could be a squirrel oval squared and
then we soften the cuticles and push
them back with a tool called a hoof
stick we then carry out a massage to the
arm and hand so it softens the skin I'm
relaxing supplier we then complete the
treatment by buffing the nails for a
shine and then we apply a nail polish
that's chosen by the client here domine
is performing a new mini facial and
Jessica and many facial entails a
superficial plans to establish the
clients skin tab we then carry out a
skin analysis we then carry out a skin
exfoliation treatment and then apply a
clear mask to finish the treatment here
nikki is performing a minimal mini
pedicure or Maura in a pedicure
treatment we file the nails straight
across we then soften the cuticles and
serve them in a bowl of water we then
push the cuticles back with a hoof stick
we then carry out an exfoliation
treatment to remove hard skin from the
foot so it becomes soft we then do a
foot and leg massage for softening the
skin and relax the client we then remove
excess oil from the nails and pair them
with a nail polish chosen vampire
here Yasmine is doing fedoras make up a
level-one beauty we learn to do a day
look and a night look we also learn how
to do photographic makeup
we also learn the difference between
coal and wall colors I will learn how to
also mix colors here Jodi is doing face
painting on Jessica
and I will leave her to talk about what
she's doing in first painting we do a
range of different different styles due
to our Halloween Widow Christmas face
play themes here I'm going to talk about
woman design with different types of
strokes and different types of patterns
around her face I'm now going to
introduce you to do a dish you will also
talk about the uniform for level 1
beauty and it's over to Jamie this is
our uniform for level 1 vo err where we
all wear this that we all look the same
and so it looks professional and so we
don't get chemicals on his clothes it
protects us clothing but we're these
flat shoes for protection and if we wear
socks they have to black are nearly blue
we're not allowed to wear nail varnish
and health and safety and we have to
have a snails shot and cut back at
certain life so we're done cook silence
women massagin this is that our ID badge
we have to wear this at all times just
in case your ID checks all the work was
getting to college without them we have
two others are tied back at all times
and no air honest faces that's why I've
got a grip pin yeah and we're not
allowed to wear any jewelry as heels are
around his necks we only allowed to wear
minimal day makeup to make ourselves
look professional throughout college in
level one beauty we're done just do
practical we've also got to do
assignments in these assignments we have
to learn about bones and the skin and
here is Laura and Nikki and they will
talk about some of the
it's what we do didn't work along do it
sensei we have to build a portfolio
which outsells our knowledge our
favorite assignment is creating a
hand-built image as we have to dress up
a fire make and o'hare say is being here
is a mood but this shows that there are
different ideas and helps us build our
image we are graded on past merit or
distinction distinction is the highest
you can get this will also show on your
certificate and the engineer this is
Jane our receptionist at Robin College
public this is where we pour cold
clients in on our deliveries which we
have during the week can either fall or
walk into the reception desk and book in
welcome to our cafeteria this is where
we we have different Ranger schools from
hot to cold food the dinner ladies are
happy to help you they always feel the
fold up there's always a different range
of things and they're just happy to help
and this is where we can chill out hang
out friends and wait for lessons really
I'll just relax and be yourself
and finally we reach the Learning Center
this is where we can do all this
assignments at recess computers and
resources to do all our work we've got
computers we've got up top we can
actually borrow laptops out we have a
certain time to bring them back in the
learning staff will have to help you all
you need to do is go and ask them we
also do books magazines CDs and DVDs
that you can learn out for a night or
just a week we are the class of 2012
level 1 beauty and this is flipped
you